guard(1) -- Guard keeps an eye on your file modifications.
========================================================

## DESCRIPTION

Guard is a command line tool to easily handle events on file system modifications.

## SYNOPSIS

`guard <COMMAND> <OPTIONS>`

## COMMANDS

### start

Starts Guard. This is the default command if none is provided.

The following options are available:

`-c`, `--clear`
  Clears the Shell after each change.

`-n`, `--notify` <FLAG>
  Disable notifications (Growl or Libnotify depending on your system).
  Notifications can be disabled globally by setting a GUARD_NOTIFY environment variable to false.
  FLAG can be `true`/`false` or `t`/`f`.

`-g`, `--group` <GROUP1> <GROUP2>...
  Scopes the Guard actions to the groups specified by GROUP1, GROUP2, etc.
  Group names should be separated by spaces.
  Plugins that don't belong to a group are considered global and are always run.

`-P`, `--plugin` <PLUGIN1> <PLUGIN2>...
  Scopes the Guard actions to the plugins specified by PLUGIN1, PLUGIN2, etc.
  Plugin names should be separated by spaces.

`-d`, `--debug`
  Runs Guard in debug mode.

`-w`, `--watchdirs` <PATH>
  Tells Guard to watch PATH instead of `./`.

`-G`, `--guardfile` <FILE>
  Tells Guard to use FILE as its Guardfile instead of `./Guardfile` or `~/.Guardfile`.

`-i`, `--no-interactions`
  Turn off completely any Guard terminal interactions.

`-B`, `--no-bundler-warning`
  Turn off warning when Bundler is not present.

`-l`, `--latency`
  Overwrite Listen's default latency.

`-p`, `--force-polling`
  Force usage of the Listen polling listener.

`-y`, `--wait-for-delay`
  Overwrite Listen's default `wait_for_delay`, useful for kate-like editors through ssh access.

### init [GUARDS]

If no Guardfile is present in the current directory, creates an empty Guardfile.

If <GUARDS> are present, add their default Guardfile configuration to the current Guardfile.
Note that <GUARDS> is a list of the Guard plugin names without the `guard-` prefix.
For instance to initialize guard-rspec, run `guard init rspec`.

### list

Lists Guard plugins that can be used with the `init` command.

### -T, show

List defined groups and Guard plugins for the current Guardfile.

### -h, help [COMMAND]

List all of Guard's available commands.

If <COMMAND> is given, displays a specific help for <TASK>.

## EXAMPLES

Initialize Guard and a specific Guard plugin at the same time:

`[bundle exec] guard init [rspec]`

Run Guard:

`[bundle exec] guard [start] --watchdirs ~/dev --guardfile ~/env/Guardfile --clear --group backend frontend --notify false --debug`

or in a more concise way:

`[bundle exec] guard [start] -w ~/dev -G ~/env/Guardfile -c -g backend frontend -n f -d`

## AUTHORS / CONTRIBUTORS

Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil is the main author.

A list of contributors based on all commits can be found here:
https://github.com/guard/guard/contributors

## CHANGELOG
The changelog can be found at: https://github.com/guard/guard/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md

This manual has been written by Remy Coutable.

## WWW

http://guardgem.org/
